\documentclass{report}

\title{Approaches to Brain Parcellation using Energy Statistics and Graph Partitioning}
\author{Felix Xiao}

\usepackage[a5paper, margin = 1cm]{geometry}
\usepackage{amsmath, amsfonts, graphicx, enumerate, amssymb, algpseudocode, algorithm, csvsimple}

\newtheorem{definition}{Definition}[section]
\newtheorem{prop}[definition]{Proposition}
\newtheorem{lemma}[definition]{Lemma}
\newtheorem{corollary}[definition]{Corollary}
\newtheorem{theorem}[definition]{Theorem}

\newcommand{\R}{\mathbb{R}}
\newcommand{\Expect}{{\rm I\kern-.3em E}}
\newcommand{\Var}{\mathrm{Var}}
\newcommand{\Cov}{\mathrm{Cov}}
\newcommand{\indep}{\rotatebox[origin=c]{90}{$\models$}}
\newcommand{\argmin}[1]{\underset{#1}{\mathrm{arg min}}\;}
\newcommand{\argmax}[1]{\underset{#1}{\mathrm{arg max}}\;}
\newcommand{\norm}[1]{\left\lVert#1\right\rVert}

\DeclareMathOperator{\Tr}{Tr}
\let\emptyset\varnothing

\begin{document}

\maketitle
\tableofcontents

\begin{abstract}
We formulate the task of brain parcellation (dividing the
brain into functionally homogenous regions) as a graph
partitioning problem. We devise new model-free criteria
for validating parcellations based on statistical
dependency between parcels using distance correlation.
Based off our criteria we pose a new graph cut-type
problem called Max Average Within Edge, wherein the
objective is to maximize, for each component, the summed
weight of all edges with both endpoints in the component
divided by the number of edges within the component.

We propose a family of heuristic algorithms for attaining
good solutions for MAWE.
\end{abstract}

%\chapter{Functional MRI Data and Brain Parcellation}
%\input{intro.tex}

%\chapter{Energy Statistics}
%\input{energy_statistics.tex}

\chapter{Criteria for Evaluating Parcellations}
\input{criteria.tex}

\chapter{Local Search and Graph Growing Heuristics}
\input{local_search.tex}

%\chapter{Spectral Methods}
%\input{spectral.tex}

%\chapter{Symmetric Nonnegative Matrix Factorization}
%\input{factorization.tex}

\bibliography{ref}
\bibliographystyle{apalike}

\end{document}